# ScenicMap
This is a scenic map app to present my coding skills in Swift. In the map view, long press the map can add a new custom scenic annotation. The new custom scenic will be stored in Firebase database. Other users can see the custom scenic after refresh the map view.

## Orientation
I have include all dependent cocoa pods in this repo. Please use Xcode to open the ScenicMap.xcworkspace.   

I have used the JSONExport to auto generate data models based on given JSON api repsonse.   
Models are automatically generated by [JSONExport](https://github.com/Ahmed-Ali/JSONExport).  

I am using [Alamofire](https://cocoapods.org/pods/Alamofire) for access API service.  

The [ObjectMapper](https://cocoapods.org/pods/ObjectMapper) helps me to map decoded JSON object.  

## Architeture
RxSwift + MVVM

## Unit Test
Use XCTest framework for test ViewModel by feed mock data.  
Use XCTest framework for test API Web Service Call.  

## COCOAPODS 
**Alamofire**  
**RxSwift**  
**ObjectMapper**  
**Firebase/Core**
**Firebase/Database**

## TOOLS
**JSONExport**


## TODO list (14th Mar 2018)  
1. In the Scenic Table View, the custom scenic table view cells need to be shown.   
2. In the Scenic Details View, a text field should be layout to allow user to edit comment for the scenic.  
3. In the Scenic Map View, the latest annotation tag should replace the old fashion pin annotation.
4. Find better solution to merge default scenic list and firebase scenic list in data model.
5. Provide the delete feature for custom scenic in all views. 
